{"vacancy_id": "35485786", "url": "https://dnepr.hh.ua/vacancy/35485786", "name": "R&D Manager", "salary_currency": "", "min_salary": "", "max_salary": "", "prof_area": ["18"], "prof_specs": ["81", "451", "245", "297"], "vac_city": ".5.2126.117.", "experience": "3", "skills": [], "description": "The plant of the production water heaters and electric convectors (a division of an international company), announces a competition for the position of R&D Manager, Odessa. Company offer: - Fixed working schedule: five days per week from 8:00 until 16:45; - Annual bonus according to company result; - Transfer to/from the factory by the transport of company or compensation if own transport; - Lunch at the expense of company; - Official labor relationship, social package; - Medical insurance; - In time salary payments; - Relocation bonus / Accommodation allowance Main Job Tasks and Responsibilities: - Manage the team in charge of new products development: innovation, engineering, project management and laboratory; - Gather business intelligence (patents, Technology and competitive intelligence) to identify new Scientifics trends and conduct strategic planning. - Build, propose, justify and follow-up the innovation budget. - Participate to Group\u2019s Innovation Committee. - Manage the technicians and engineers in charge of product design. - Ensure the awareness and the application of Group\u2019s design methodology (Internal technical standard, PLM system, Function technical referent). - Define the necessary tools and equipment needed to build the product planned (CAD software, prototyping tools) - Improve continuously the quality and reliability of our design by defining design rules and standard. - Manage all the technical documentation related to the products (specifications, drawings, BOM, calculation). - Build, propose and lead a technical saving plan with help of Purchasing department. - Build, propose, justify and follow-up the new products & laboratory budget; \u0441alculate and validate the direct costs. - Participate to define the short and middle term product plan with Marketing and others R&D of the BU. - Commit, on behalf of the factory, to the respect of targets defined for all new products (quality, investment, direct cost and delivery time). - Define the necessary procedures and tools required to develop the product in respect with the V cycle methodology. - Promote the project management by the risk management and ensure the progress of Product-FMEA and Process-FMEA in all projects. - Participate to Group\u2019s Product Committee. - Gather all legal obligation regarding products concerning safety, health and environment and ensure our conformity. - Manage the planning of certification and homologation with external laboratories. - Develop a quality policy and system applicable to laboratory. - Prepare, define and propose the yearly budget of investment & coordinate every department with the target to reach authorized amount of expenses Requirements: - Work experience on production enterprise at the position of R&D Manager \u2013 5 years; - Engineer diploma (speciality in mechanics or thermic would be a +) - English \u2013 upper intermediate, readiness to pass an interview in English; - Managment experience; - Technical skills in: product design, mechanical drawings, project planning; - Ability to read drawings (Compas, Solid, Creo); - Knowledge in mechanics, thermophysics; - Quality project methods : FMEA, validation plan, design of experiments - Comfortable with IT tools (1C Production V8.3, SAP - optional); - Sense of organization and responsibility, respect of process and rules, ability to argue his/her decisions, flexibility, responsiveness; - Proactive, \u0441reativity person, ability to oversee, to organize, to respect deadline and priorities - Interpersonal skills: being dynamic and available, respect of commitments & feedbacks, humility skills, rigorous, Being able to handle pressure, take a step back to have a global vision If interested, please kindly send your confidential CV with note in a subject \u00abR&D Manager, Odessa\u00bb with salary indication to e-mail or call, the person in contact is Vitoria.", "file_name": "FilesFromHH/vacancy_35485786"}