{"vacancy_id": "35514667", "url": "https://hh.ru/vacancy/35514667", "name": "Customer Support Engineer", "salary_currency": "", "min_salary": "", "max_salary": "", "prof_area": ["1"], "prof_specs": ["273", "82", "211"], "vac_city": ".113.232.1.", "experience": "3", "skills": [], "description": "GE (NYSE:GE) drives the world forward by tackling its biggest challenges. By combining world-class engineering with software and analytics, GE helps the world work more efficiently, reliably, and safely. GE people are global, diverse and dedicated, operating with the highest integrity and passion to fulfill GE\u2019s mission and deliver for our customers The Customer Support Engineering Specialist is responsible for resolving product, configuration, and application issues/questions for GE solutions products. Provide support to customers experiencing application workflow/clinical issues displaying an in-depth client workflow or clinical knowledge and/or technical difficulties displaying in-depth technical knowledge of the technology in the Software Products. Primarily act as liaison between client support desk/GED advanced engineering support. Responsibilities:  Respond to customer requests via phone and email. Research and troubleshoot issues involving all aspects of GE solutions, including but not limited to user interface, network and communication connectivity and performance, Cloud and on- premise component interoperability, data collection/storage, visualization, analytics, machine monitoring software and associated control systems, hardware infrastructure, and interfaces to enterprise systems such as ERP, PLM and Quality. Troubleshoot and identify product problems for presentation to engineering or Cloud infrastructure teams for resolution or disseminates appropriate information necessary to correct configuration issues. Adhere to all processes and methodology for Knowledge Centered Support. Create knowledge content for the Knowledge base. Uses troubleshooting techniques and programming skills to make needed modifications to customer database and ensure information integrity. Is responsible for quality solutions to be implemented at client sites. Acts as a technical resource to other members of the department and customers. Analyzes and resolves most software issues with minimum assistance. Specifies, sets up, codes, and processes complex conversion and interfaces for assigned clients meeting all project plan dates set Has in-depth knowledge of at least 1 major product. Supports multiple products or suites, while maintaining a high level of quality, following all GEHC department standards. Meets with customers as necessary, analyzes their needs, and provides insight into products and their functionality. Participate in continuous improvement activities by identifying and appropriately escalating process and product quality gaps. Flexibility to provide onsite support, as needed. ", "file_name": "FilesFromHH/vacancy_35514667"}