{"vacancy_id": "35375865", "url": "https://jobs.tut.by/vacancy/35375865", "name": "Site Reliability Engineer", "salary_currency": "", "min_salary": "", "max_salary": "", "prof_area": ["1"], "prof_specs": ["475", "221", "82"], "vac_city": ".16.1002.", "city": "\u041c\u0438\u043d\u0441\u043a", "experience": "3", "skills": [], "description": "Evolution is a world-leading B2B provider of video-streamed Live Dealer gaming, committed to deliver a unique and flawless gameplay across multiple platforms through revolutionary product innovation. Firmly rooted in our values: ALIVE, do RIGHT and work TOGETHER, we are on a quest to lead the way in an industry which is pioneering technical solutions and pushing the limits of what has been done in terms of online user experience. Our services have won multiple industry awards, including 'Live Casino Supplier of the Year' at the 2019 EGR B2B Awards for nine consecutive years and 'Casino Content Provider of the Year' in the 2019 EGR North America Awards. Our success is largely down to the quality and commitment of our people. We are now looking for an experienced and driven person. This is truly an exciting opportunity for a talented individual who is looking for a career opportunity in a dynamic and international work environment. Evolution Gaming Group AB (publ) was founded in 2006 and it is stock listed on the Swedish stock exchange Nasdaq. Today, about 6000 people work in the company's 12 sites, including locations like the U.S., Malta, Latvia, Georgia, Holland, Canada, Estonia, the U.K. and Sweden. Job Description We\u2019re looking for an experienced Site Reliability Engineer (SRE) who:  Has solid Linux background; Possesses strong ops skills and mindset; Works in modern development organization; Loves infrastructure as a code; Has good coding/scripting knowledge and practices; Possesses knowledge and grand interest in container orchestration platforms and their ecosystem; Knows networking tech.  Technologies that we use:  Kubernetes @ on-prem & AWS; Linux with small Windows presence; KVM, ESXi, Hyper-V; Ansible, Rundeck; Python, Golang; Prometheus, InfluxDB, Grafana; Kafka & ELK clusters; Nginx, Haproxy, BIG-IP F5, AWS ELB; BareOS; AWS services; Jaeger; Opsgenie, Slack.  We are:  Smart senior engineers; Best friends with developers; Building production platform that we dream of; Coding, automating, orchestrating; Already big, growing faster and faster; Daring you to join.  We offer:  Entrepreneur culture of the company, which allows you to try new approaches and technologies all the time; Recognition from the business which translates to very competitive salaries and a supportive attitude; A healthy mix of startup-like culture of the company, which enables us to try new approaches and technologies and remain on the edge of technological development and enterprise, with stability and supporting functions to help you focus on your job; Modern and developer-friendly delivery processes, including Agile (Scrum / Kanban), JIRA issue tracking, Confluence wiki, GitLab source control, Jenkins continuous integration and delivery, modern hardware and software for development (an IDE of your choice); Being a part of an international team in a successful, publicly traded company; Health insurance, contemporary office environment, tech conference attendance, training, hackathons and other benefits and perks.   ", "file_name": "FilesFromHH/vacancy_35375865"}