{"vacancy_id": "35447562", "url": "https://ekaterinburg.hh.ru/vacancy/35447562", "name": "Territory manager", "salary_currency": "", "min_salary": "", "max_salary": "", "prof_area": ["17", "13"], "prof_specs": ["144", "242", "229"], "vac_city": ".113.223.1261.3.", "experience": "1", "skills": [], "description": "Territory manager, do you want to join an international team in Russia within an innovative fast-paced medical device company? Grab your chance and make good use of your management skills and affinity with medical devices! As Territory Manager the role will be responsible for selling Invisalign products in the Russian market. It is a field sales role.   Key Responsibilities:  Establish account relationships with current doctors and actively grow the business by adding new customers to the portfolio Support doctors with development of their practice Proactively communicate with customers and potential prospects Engage certified doctors and develop new cases Manage accounts in Russia and report back to the Area sales manager with all assigned reports With a result oriented mind, ensure the effective fulfillment of objectives and deadlines assigned Consult regularly with the Area sales manager on implementation of objectives and sales budgets As a true team player, participate in proactive team efforts to achieve departmental and company goals    Skills:  Demonstrates consultative selling ability Highly organized - with strong time management skills Action oriented \u2013 takes the initiative and is proactive Strong interpersonal, listening, and persuasive communication and presentation skills, to give the best advice to customers Has strong understanding of customer`s business and can identify its economic drivers Can challenge the customer`s point of view by offering a new perspective of the market Results oriented - naturally strives for the best performance and has the willingness to learn Displays a strong sense of urgency Expert in PowerPoint, Excel, Word, and overall computer skills Ability to lead and collaborate with cross functional groups Intermediate English A good team player, dynamic, optimistic, accurate, hard-working and creative    Education/Experience:  Bachelor`s degree or above At least 3 years of proven sales record Ideally, with an industry background in the human sciences/medical devices field, preferably with products that are sensitive to active consumer/patient demand  Working at Align Technology Welcome to Align Technology at one of the most exciting times in our history. At Align, we like to say that we \u201cCreate new smiles. Every day,\u201d in all aspects of our business. At Align you are empowered to be innovative, creative, collaborative and hands-on. Align Technology is a global medical device company with industry-leading innovative products such as Invisalign clear aligners, iTero Intraoral scanners, and OrthoCAD digital services that help dental professionals achieve the clinical results they expect and deliver effective, cutting-edge dental options to their patients. What makes us a great place to work:  Make Your Mark: we are a global business, but not so big that you can\u2019t make a huge impact on our continued business improvement. Bring your A game! Innovation: Influence the game-changing technologies that are revolutionizing the dental orthodontics industry.       ", "file_name": "FilesFromHH/vacancy_35447562"}