{"vacancy_id": "35459742", "url": "https://hh.ru/vacancy/35459742", "name": "Business Analyst Senior", "salary_currency": "", "min_salary": "", "max_salary": "", "prof_area": ["1"], "prof_specs": ["246", "327", "296", "25"], "vac_city": ".113.232.1.", "city": "\u041c\u043e\u0441\u043a\u0432\u0430", "experience": "3", "skills": [], "description": "Every day, the people of TSYS\u00ae improve lives and businesses around the globe through payments. We make it possible for millions of people to move money between buyers and sellers using our payments solutions including credit, debit, prepaid and merchant services. We are \"People-Centred Payments\", and our team has the unique opportunity to help create a world in which payments make people's lives easier and better. This is both a tremendous honour and an important responsibility for those who accept the challenge. If you are looking to make a valuable difference for people everywhere - and for yourself - TSYS may be the right place for you.   Overview / Purpose of the Role: Business Analyst will act as a gateway / bridge between the client and various business units (e.g. Subject Matter Experts, technology team, support team, etc.) at TSYS. They will provide consultancy support in defining business requirements and validation of service requests from clients. Business Analyst will own the clients business requirements within TSYS and will be responsible for gathering, documenting and validating the business requirements. They will coordinate with the internal teams to ensure requirements are communicated and understood by the delivery team and also provide support during the implementation of service requests. Business Analyst will analyze business requirements and draft detailed system specifications based on which programmers will create the technical design.   Key Responsibilities:  To participate in business requirements gathering and planning meetings/conference calls/workshops with an objective to elicit, analyze document, and communicate business requirements to stakeholders. To own the business requirements for projects and support clients and internal teams during the life cycle of the project including but not limited to requirement gathering and documentation, requirements management, analysis and requirement/solution validation. To provide system/product consultancy support to clients and educate clients on system features and functionality where required. Manage expectations and needs of clients in regards to the functionality of the solution and make recommendations about the usage where appropriate.    Requirements: Desirable criteria:  Educated to degree level in a business, finance or technical related subject Experience Minimum of 4+ years relevant work experience Previous work experience within the it industry in business analysis International client exposure Experience with TSYS products and/or credit card banking industry (preferable)  Personal skills:  Excellent documentation skills with attention to detail Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal English and Russian Able to demonstrate strong analytical skills Able to demonstrate strong organizational skills Able to demonstrate effective problem solving skills Ability to work to set deadlines and targets Enthusiastic and motivated Interpersonal skills Effective presentation skills The ability to multi-task Strong customer service skills Able to demonstrate a high level of personal initiative Must have the ability to work with minimum supervision  Technical skills:  Strong aptitude for understanding and explaining technical systems in business terms Proficient PC skills i.e. MS Office and previous work experience using internet  Other:  Flexibility to travel to client sites is required    To successful candidate the company offers in return:  Great career opportunities, communication and experience exchange in the international team Creative and friendly atmosphere Medical and travel insurance (for team members and their dependents) Accidental insurance (for team members) 100% sick leave compensation Working flexibility    Please note that for this role we will consider only applicants who are eligible to work in Russia without work permit. TSYS offers structured career development, supported by training that provides the opportunity to learn and develop. TSYS also offers competitive salary and benefits packages dependent on relevant skills and level of experience. All applications will be treated in the strictest confidence.", "file_name": "FilesFromHH/vacancy_35459742"}