{"vacancy_id": "35417579", "url": "https://spb.hh.ru/vacancy/35417579", "name": "Java/Full Stack Software Engineer (Customer Portal)", "salary_currency": "", "min_salary": "", "max_salary": "", "prof_area": ["1"], "prof_specs": ["221"], "vac_city": ".113.231.2.", "city": "\u0421\u0430\u043d\u043a\u0442-\u041f\u0435\u0442\u0435\u0440\u0431\u0443\u0440\u0433", "experience": "3", "skills": [], "description": "At Infobip we dream big. We value creativity, persistence and innovation, passionately believing that it is through teamwork that we can all reach greater heights. Since 2006, we have been innovating at the edge of technological possibilities and are now shaping global communications of the future. Through 60+ offices on six continents, Infobip\u2019s platform is used by almost 70% of the population, making it the largest network of its kind and the only full-stack cloud communication platform (cPaaS) globally. Join us on our mission to create life-changing interactions between humans and online services with new and unseen solutions. Why is this role important at Infobip? Although Enterprise Division is the largest development division within the company, we are expanding it even further. Our goal is to establish a whole new team in St. Petersburg office. The team will be responsible for developing several modules on our customer portal. Modules are independent parts of the portal that handles everything from background services to front end code. Some examples of our modules are omni workflows, dashboards, settings, people, etc. Customer portal is a high-load web portal that provides tools for our customers to reach their clients over any mobile channel (SMS, push, voice, OTT, etc.). You know you are doing a good job when:   You write well designed, testable and scalable code in accordance with clean code principles and team agreement.   All code you produce is thoroughly tested for bugs and reviewed before going into production.   You have a great general overview of the system that your team is dependent on, understanding the interactions and dependencies among those components.   You regularly contribute to discussions and brainstorming with high-quality ideas that result in adoption and improvements.   You proactively share knowledge and help your team evolve into a better team.   What your job will be like:   As a software engineer, you will work in agile team, responsible for certain product. You\u2018ll be using cutting edge technologies and solutions (React, Redux, Webpack, SCSS on frontend; Kotlin/Java 8 with Spring Boot on backend + Redis, Elasticsearch, PostgreSQL) for creating and maintaining highly used services and interfaces that are part of our messaging platform.   As a team member, you will work on Customer Portal interface and services behind it. Our team covers analytics part of the system, including traffic reporting, logs and data visualization. Also, we are handling the management part of the portal: accounts/users/permissions management, reseller functionality.   We expect that you take proactive ownership of tasks and see them through to completion, take responsibility for coding, bug testing, software deployment, tracking the product through its life cycle and communication with the internal teams are also included.   More about you:   You are a professional with 3+ years of experience in solving software problems looking for a high-growth challenge.   You have experience with Java, Spring and related technologies.   If you have experience with Kotlin (or other JVM language), Elasticsearch, that is an advantage.   If you have experience with ReactJS (or other frameworks like AngularJS, Vue.js) and NodeJS Redux, Typescript. Webpack, ES2015 (ES6) and CSS pre-processors, that is an advantage.   You know and care about engineering practices like continuous delivery and automated testing.   You are genuinely curious about how things work, always looking to improve code quality, development process etc.   You build positive, lasting relationships with colleagues in the team.   You are able to communicate in English with colleagues from teams abroad.   Why our employees choose us (and stay)?  We provide a high salary with voluntary medical insurance. Flexible schedule with the ability to work remotely 5 days per month. Work with modern technologies. Comfortable working conditions, modern office in the city center with comfortable chairs and a well-equipped kitchen. Macbook / HP, additional monitors and everything you need for productive work. Onboarding in Croatia. English lessons in the office. Education and participation in European conferences at the expense of the employer. Annual internal conference for developers at the Spa resort in Croatia. Extensive opportunities for self-realization, professional and career growth. ", "file_name": "FilesFromHH/vacancy_35417579"}