{"vacancy_id": "35433846", "url": "https://jobs.tut.by/vacancy/35433846", "name": "Service Center Supervisor", "salary_currency": "", "min_salary": "", "max_salary": "", "prof_area": ["6", "21", "18"], "prof_specs": ["319", "756", "118", "201"], "vac_city": ".16.1002.", "experience": "3", "skills": [], "description": "Place of work - our office in Minsk Job Summary The Service Center Supervisor is responsible for overseeing the day to day operations. He/She analyzes operational data to understand productivity, service, and quality targets. This position collaborates with the service center management team to develop action plans and improve service level results. He/She participates in sales team meetings to understand customer requirements and expectations and provide operational expertise. Job Duties Manages Service Center Operations and Financial Results  Reviews the projected performance plan to verify the correct number of drivers and routes are allocated. Compares planned versus actual performance reports to identify best practices, root causes for service failures, and operational adjustments. Manages Employee Relations  Works with Labor and Human Resources Managers to select candidates for open positions, address performance issues, and facilitate promotion decisions. Conducts meetings with Employee Relations Index committee members to discuss survey results and develop action plans. Conducts safety and quality training to ensure employees comply with work government regulations and corporate work instructions. Manages Compliance Activities  Communicates updated corporate policies and service center work rules to ensure employees are aware and understand established processes. Manages and Develops Customer Relationships  Manages and maintains customer relationships and identifies business in jeopardy to resolve issues and retain customers. Focuses on meeting and exceeding expected levels of service (e.g., on time deliveries, eliminating missed pick-ups, reducing claims, etc.) to reduce customer churn and grow additional business. Manages and Develops Others  Manages resources and people processes (e.g., Performance Management, Career Development, Training, Staffing, etc.) to ensure the day to day administration of processes and formal procedures. Identifies individual and team skill gaps and developmental opportunities (e.g., training, special assignments, conferences, projects, etc.) to facilitate individual and team development. Profile:  Result oriented; makes things happen; drive Team player Adapts quickly to new situations, flexible Strong sense of responsibility, disciplined Advanced English       ", "file_name": "FilesFromHH/vacancy_35433846"}