{"vacancy_id": "35513334", "url": "https://vologda.hh.ru/vacancy/35513334", "name": "Project Engineering Manager (PEM)", "salary_currency": "", "min_salary": "", "max_salary": "", "prof_area": ["18"], "prof_specs": ["208"], "vac_city": ".113.229.1739.25.", "experience": "3", "skills": [], "description": "(temporary for the Project period - 2.5 years) Main Purpose of Job Plan the technical side of an investment project ensuring a design for manufacturing excellence (free of waste) and Lead the execution (from investment project charter until vertical start-up) by managing a cross-functional team whose objective is to oversee the capital investments relating to the company's fixed assets. This could involve the relocation and optimising of the existing fixed asset base and/or the purchase of new fixed assets. Before starting the project design phase:Support the End to End Project Manager in defining the project team, project scope, success criteria and milestone deliverables that support business goals in collaboration with senior management and stakeholders. Ensure available standards and best practices, as well as understanding of current category loss tree are revised as part of the project planning , to ensure that project design credit (AIP) will be efficiently utilized. Build the investment project charter and ensure that it is strictly followed throughout the project. During project design phase:Execute the basic and detailed design of the project based on Nestl\u00e9 Corporate Business Principles, Nestl\u00e9 Corporate and Category standards, local regulations, the defined User Requirements Specifications and the TPM characteristics of a unit operation (safety, quality, affordability, maintainability, operability and reliability). Ensure by design the workers, and operators, safety during both the construction and the ongoing operation of the plant. Ensure available feedback from previous projects is leveraged to prevent waste and optimize execution. Ensure Category standards and best practices are leveraged in the design to enable Manufacturing Excellence by Leading the Target Setting Allocation exercise for at leas the bottleneck and critical equipment. During the start-up phase of the project:Coordinate efforts with the start-up manager and their team to ensure a Vertical Start-up. meeting manufacturing excellence criteria and the required production volumes. Complete and smooth transition to operations after the qualification and verification of the installation.Prepare and distribute the engineering project documentation, including the engineering part of the project final report, the Project Defect analysis (PDA) and provide feedback to the Maintenance Prevention System.Ensure that all new assets are registered in the system and that their expense is properly allocated to start depreciation.Ensure that the investment project charter has been fulfilled and that the project scope is achieved with the agreed cost and timing. During the whole project life:Be the engineering project team leader, meaning integrating, motivating, feed backing, coaching, developing, managing and evaluating team members and being their support and liaison with the steering committee and all the project's stakeholders. Keep the End to End Project Manager informed. Keep all the required communication channels open Key experience: \u2022 Manufacturing projects management (\u201dmaking it happen\u201d): 5 years experience in an international project environment context within which, projects were defined and budgeted, assessed and implemented (entire project life cycle)\u2022 Capital Investment projects management in food industry\u2022 Determination of methods to minimise the likelihood of injuries or damages to people and/or equipment (SH&E)\u2022 People development and management tools (performance, coaching, competences training, career and succession planning, recruitment and development)", "file_name": "FilesFromHH/vacancy_35513334"}