{"vacancy_id": "35506750", "url": "https://spb.hh.ru/vacancy/35506750", "name": "Senior Software QA Security Engineer", "salary_currency": "", "min_salary": "", "max_salary": "", "prof_area": ["1"], "prof_specs": ["221", "110", "82", "117"], "vac_city": ".113.231.2.", "experience": "3", "skills": ["Atlassian Jira", "Scrum", "Git", "SQL", "QA", "Agile Project Management", "Linux", "\u0410\u043d\u0433\u043b\u0438\u0439\u0441\u043a\u0438\u0439 \u044f\u0437\u044b\u043a", "Backend QA", "Python"], "description": "Senior Software Quality Engineer, Midrange  Dell is a collective of customer-obsessed, industry-leading visionaries. At our core is a commitment to diversity, sustainability and our communities. We offer unparalleled growth and development opportunities for our team members. We believe that technology is essential for driving human progress, and we\u2019re committed to providing that technology to people and organizations everywhere, so they can transform the way they work and live. General Summary Conducts a wide range of quality control tests and analyses to ensure that software meets or exceeds specified standards and end-user requirements. Typically responsible for tests, methods, and procedures to ensure continuous improvement to software quality assurance and serviceability standards. Analyzes test results to ensure existing functionality and recommends corrective action. Ensures that system tests are successfully completed and documented and all problems are resolved. Debugs software products through the use of systematic tests to develop, apply, and maintain quality standards for company products. Performs development and execution of software quality methods and processes. Implements and defines testing methodology and standards to improve results. Responsible for testing systems and applications software. After testing provides feedback to developers on potential changes. Works independently with other engineering functions from design through production to design, develop, and implement procedures for testing systems and equipment. Selects testing specifications for new products and ensures testing procedures are in compliance with industry specific standards. Principal Duties and Responsibilities  Review and analyze functional requirements, identify and correct gaps and inconsistencies Prepare and maintain test environment, including necessary equipment, configuration, and software Develop, plan and execute different types of manual and automated tests Report on testing stages and results Improve existing automation test coverage Develop test documentation and keeping it up to date Be able to learn and apply new tools and applications Work together with development team to find the root cause of defects and fix them Follow standard engineering/test practices Demonstrate self-initiative  Work Experience and Education  Bachelor\u2019s degree, Computer Science  Required Competencies  5+ years of relevant work experience in a QA role Good understanding of QA methodology and software development lifecycle Work experience in automation testing (Python) Experience in manual testing, writing test documentation Knowledge of bug tracking systems (JIRA) Good understanding of relational databases, working knowledge of SQL Good understanding of REST API Understanding of cryptographical algorithms and protocols Experience in work with continuous integration systems (Jenkins) Knowledge of version control systems (Git preferred) Communication skills, good English Ability to analyze information and draw accurate conclusions Problem solving skills Ability to align with frequently changing product requirements Ability to provide technical guidance and support to other team members Knowledge of scripting languages Knowledge of Linux (advanced user) Understanding of SCRUM methodology  Desired Competencies  Product/technology/industry knowledge Understanding of virtualization technologies (VMWare) Product security testing experience  Joining us, you will get:  Salary to be discussed on the results of the interview, but not lower than the markets average Medical, Life insurance for employees and your family in Russia and abroad Opportunity to participate in sports competitions among IT Community Corporate training and certifications; Corporate English classes Dell EMC Proven Professional Certifications Possibility in flexible working hours and working from home 36 days of paid vacation days plus 2 paid days off Paid sick days; doctor\u2019s consultation at the office Opportunity to participate in charity activities Comfortable 24/7 office in the city center Partial reimbursement of any sport activities Regular teambuilding and corporate events Corporate laptop. ", "file_name": "FilesFromHH/vacancy_35506750"}